Add icons and better README (#9)
barbariand/Reti: README.md

> # Reti
> 
> Reti is a calculator that can evaluate LaTeX expressions.
> *Project is under development, refer to branch `dev` for more up to date and unstable builds*
> 
> <img src="./dark_icon.svg" width="300" />
> 
> ## Examples
> ```
> >> \frac{2\sqrt{9}+5}{3(3+4)+1}
> > 0.5
> ```
> 
> The same LaTeX expression that was used as input can be rendered as: $`\displaystyle \frac{2\sqrt{9}+5}{3(3+4)+1}`$. No need to translate between formats!

Reviewer: Maybe something like this can qualify as a "better readme"? 
![image](https://github.com/barbariand/Reti/assets/42838560/74a03c9d-35a7-4b94-a95e-719a2cb6710c)

````suggestion
<h1 align="center">Reti</h1>

<div align="center">

Reti is a calculator that can evaluate LaTeX expressions.

<img src="./dark_icon.svg" width="300" />

</div>

<hr>

*Project is under development, refer to branch `dev` for more up-to-date and unstable builds*

## Examples
```
>> \displaystyle \frac{2\sqrt{9}+5}{3(3+4)+1}
> 0.5
```

The same LaTeX expression that was used as input can be rendered as $`\displaystyle \frac{2\sqrt{9}+5}{3(3+4)+1}`$. There is no need to translate between formats!
````

<div align="center">
Reti is a in development calculator that can evaluate LaTeX expressions.
<br>
<img src="./dark_icon.svg" width="300" />
</div>

<h2 align="center" id="development-status">Development Status</h2>

**Note:** Reti is currently under active development. For the latest and potentially unstable features, please check out the [`dev`](https://github.com/barbariand/Reti/tree/dev) branch.

- Current Phase: The project is actively under development with newer, experimental features being added in the dev branch.
- Stability: Users interested in the most up-to-date but possibly unstable builds should refer to the dev branch.

<h2 align="center">Table of Contents</h2>

- [Development Status](#development-status)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [REPL Usage](#repl-usage)
- [Features](#features)
- [Contribute](#contribute)
- [Contributors](#contributors)
- [Dependencies](#dependencies)
- [License](#license)

<h2 align="center" id="installation">Installation</h2>
To get started with Reti, clone the repository and build the project using Rust's package manager, Cargo. Follow these steps:

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/barbariand/Reti.git

> # Change directory for the repl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Change directory to the repl
```

cd Reti/parser

# Build the project
cargo build --release
```

<h2 align="center" id="repl-usage">REPL Usage</h2>

> Just input a string from any valid latex and get back the correct result

Reviewer: Hopefully the result is correct, but I think emphasizing that the result is calculated might be better here.
```suggestion
Just input a string from any LaTeX mathematics and get back the calculated result
```

```
>> \displaystyle \frac{2\sqrt{9}+5}{3(3+4)+1}
> 0.5
```

The same LaTeX expression that was used as input can be rendered as $\displaystyle \frac{2\sqrt{9}+5}{3(3+4)+1}$. There is no need to translate between formats!

> <h2 align="center" id="features"> Features</h2>

Reviewer: sorry for the nitpicking hehe
```suggestion
<h2 align="center" id="features">Features</h2>
```

> - [ ] **Parsing Latex**: Parsing relevant mathematical latex
> - [x] **REPL**: Evaluates given Mathematical expression in Latex and returns a result or as close as it could get.
> - [ ] **Web API**: Server for running evaluations
> - [ ] **Web User Interface**: A website for easier manipulation of the LaTeX

Reviewer: Mostly some capitilization changes to be more consistent.
```suggestion
- [ ] **Parsing Latex**: Parsing relevant mathematical LaTeX.
- [x] **REPL**: Evaluates a given mathematical expression in LaTeX and returns a result or as close as it could get.
- [ ] **Web API**: Server for running evaluations.
- [ ] **Web User Interface**: A website for easier use.
```

> <h2 align="center" id="contribute"> Contribute</h2>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<h2 align="center" id="contribute">Contribute</h2>
```

<h1 align="center">Reti</h1>
<div align="center">

> Reti is a in development calculator that can evaluate LaTeX expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reti is an in-development calculator that can evaluate LaTeX expressions.
```
